1.  E-learing
    With the development of science and technology, more and more people prefer to take courses and acquire knowledge online instead of 
attending school, giving rise to the booming of e-learning all over the world. If e-learning prevails and even replaces school learning, 
what will happen?
    There's no doubt that e-learning may be beneficail to us in many aspects. On the one hand, it is possible for learners to acuqire 
knowledge at any time and any place. People around us  always complain that they don't have enough time to study or the classroom is too 
far to go. With the popularity of e-learning, there is no excuse for them to escape from studying. On the other hand, learners can be 
armed with the latest information by oneline learning. Just by clicking the mouse, learners can get any imformation that they need in no time.
Undoubtedly, e-learning is able to offer us many advantages and make our life more convenient and efficient; however, e-learning might not
be appropriate to thoes people who are short of  sel-discipline. Surfing on the Internet may be just a waste of time for them. Furthermore,
with the increasing amount of useless and false information on the Internet, sometimes, they may get confused.
    In conclusion, e-learning is double-edged sword with advantages and disadvantages. We'd better ballance the relationship between
e-learning and school learning.


2.The Power of Mutual Understanding
    A great number of facts in our daily life have proved that lack of understanding usually gives rise to conflicts. That’s exactly why 
we can often hear people talk about the importance of “mutual understanding” .Just as the remarks goes “ Seek to understand others, and 
you will be understood.”
    Much attention should be paid to the importance of mutual understanding. For one thing, mutual understanding serves as a precondition 
for one’s happy life and successful career. Only when we try our best to understand each other can we put aside differences, get along 
well with each other and keep a long-term relationship. For another, mutual understanding plays a crucial role in optimizing interpersonal 
relationship. It’s always unwise and unfair to judge the behaviors of others according to our own experience. We are supposed to put 
ourselves in others’ shoes so as to avoid misunderstanding.
    To take what has been discussed into consideration, it’s undoubted that mutual understanding is the basis of our relationships with 
others. What we need to do is to seek to understanding others with our best efforts in order to make our relations with others function 
smoothly.

3. Be Generous with your Help
    Helping others is always a hot topic which is worth of being disscussed and emphasized. When it comes to helping others, we often hear 
such a remark "Help others, and you will be helped when you are in need." Simple as the saying is, it indicates the importance of helping 
others in need. What this remark tells me is that helping others is helping ourselves.
    There are plenty of examples which can easily be found to make this point clear. The story of the ant and the dove is a case in point. 
An ant slips into the river while drinking along the river. A dove nearby hear his cries for help and throws a leaf to the ant as quickly
as she can. Which actually helps the ant float back to the river bank. One day, a hunter aims his gun at the dove while she is trying to 
build a nest. As soon as the ant sees this, he runs quickly to bite the hunter's leg. While the hunter is screaming, the dove grasps the
chance to fly away.
    What this story implies is that when we offer help to others, we are in some way helping ourselves and leaving a way open for the 
 future. Helping others is a virtue, which should be advocated ande valued. Therefore, we should do wahtever we can to carry forward this
 virtue and try to develop a good habit of helping others. Only in this way can our society become more and more beautiful and harmonious.

4. How to Balance Work and Leisure
    Increasingly, we are living in a world where it is difficult to balance between work and leisure for most people. Work and leisure,
to a large extend, are parallel to each other. Therefore, endeavoring to strike a balance between the two is getting more and more important.
    Time, I realize, is the biggest obstacle to most people when it comes to balancing work and leisure. Thus, learning to manage your
time matters great deal if you intend to spare your limited time for leisure activities. Knowing exactly how your time should be spent
is the key to time management. In addition, make full preparation for whatever you are going to do. Sufficent preparation will save you 
much time in work and life. On the contrary, much of your time should be wasted without prparation. Above all things, consciously saving
yourself some time for leisure will enable you to work more efficiently.
    As long as we establish the right time concept and make plans well, we are bound to balance work and leisure well. When we are able
achieve this balance, we will enjoy a more pleasant life.

5.Say No to Pirated Products
      Today, piracy problem is increasing strikingly in China. Besides books, any products, like tapes, CDs and software can be copied.
      It has been well kown that due to piracy legitimate producers, inventors and authors have suffered losses in many ways. At first,
  pirated copies often cost much less than the original ones. AS a result, they can enjoy a considerable price advantage despite the 
  poor quality. Compared with pirated products, the original ones sell poorly. Secondly, beacuse of poor quality, the authors' reputation
  as well as the publishers' is greatly hurt. Moreover, pirated products may also have negative impacts on customers provided that thoes
  legitimate producers' enthusiasm is greatly hurt. The problem will evolve into a vicious cycle.
      In my opinion, the government should launch more anti-piracy campaigns and strengthen supervision to futher clean up the book, 
  video and software markets. Besides, as customers, we should  raise our awareness on how to use legal products as well. Only in this 
  way, I think, can we bring an end to piracy.
6. Degree or Ability
    As we can see in the picture, an interviewer expresses his regret to a graduate student who is seeking a job. This young INterviewee
fails in his application though his resume looks good, because all the other competitors are doctoral students. It reveals a phase of trend
that recently employers give priority to education background instead of personal skills. However, in my opinion, degrees cannot fully
reflect job applicant's abilities, which deserve more attention.
    Education background is indeed one indicator to assess an interviewee's abilities, but one swallow does not make a summer. If 
enterprises merely pay attention to degrees, they will probably miss some real talents who might quit school due to some reasons.
For example, Bill Gates, included in the Forbies list of the world wealthist people, dropped from Harvard University but established
MicroSoft. Therefore, interviewee's abilities should not be simply evaluated by education background.
     As far as I am concerned, employers are supposed to take full account of all aspects and emphisize more on working abilities.
7.  Living in the Virtual World
    With the vigorous development of modern society, it is highly possible to live in the virtual world. Have you ever imagined what
will happen when people prefer to live in the virtual world rather than interact in the real world?
     Undoubtedly, the Internet has brought us many benefits. It enriches our life by providing easily accessible and varied activities
 for us to take part in, and broadens our horizons with its huge information. However, if we spend more and more time in the virtual
 world, some negative impacts will be imposed in our life. First and formost, if we are absessed with the virtual world, we will lose
 much time to interact with others face to face. If the Internet disappears from our life one day, we will be puzzled at how to face our
 family members and friends. In addition, spending to much time in the virtual word, we may be increasingly indifferent and cold-blooded,
 which will do great harm to the maintenance of the interpersonal relationships seen as the core of humanity.
     As above, if we want to enjoy our life and continue our interpersonal relationships, we shoud use the Internet properly and give it 
 no chance to alienate us from the real world.
8、The Use of Robots
    The progression of technology is ievitable and undeniable, which helps the intelligent machines——robots step into our daily life 
easily the popularity of robots, what will happen to our work and life?
    From my standpoint, our work in industy will be operated by robots in the near future, which will raise producticity and lower 
costs of manpower. What's more, our daily housework, such as cooking, washing and cleaning will be completed by robot servers, which
will liberate us from the trivial and give us more time to to what we have interest in. However, there is still much real challenge 
if robots become  the mainstream of society. First, as a result of the wide application of robots in industry, the less-skilled people
will beunemployed.Second,we will get lazier and lazier by giving orders to the robots instead of doing things by ourselves.
    Given the above imagination, we can easily  acknowledge that the robot is a double-edged sword. We should draw on the advantages and
avoid disadvantages, and make it bring maximum benefits to human beings.
